SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 32 (#11417)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/advanced/hosting-win32-content-in-wpf.md

Which gives you:

> ![Windows Presentation Foundation application dialog screenshot](./media/hosting-win32-content-in-wpf/windows-presentation-foundation-application.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of the WPF app running.](./media/hosting-win32-content-in-wpf/windows-presentation-foundation-application.png)
```
